# lookalike_model
lookalike model for finding audience similar to seed audience

Link to Streamlit UI: [Similance Demos](https://similance-demos.streamlit.app/)

When asked to upload test data, you can find data here:
[src/resources/data/](src/resources/data/)

Each demo has 3 data files, for each demo name <demo>
 - demo_master.csv is processed file that contains train data (data used for creating vector store)
 - demo_test.csv is the data we use for uploading in UI and generation output.
 - demo_output.csv is the output generated by uploading <demo>_test.csv

## Pre-Requisites:
1. JDK(Java Development Kit): Version>=11.0.22
2. Python: Version>=3.10.12
   
## To run streamlit app locally(For ubuntu):
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/prarshah1/look_alike_modelling_streamlit.git
   ```
2. Create and activate virtual environment:
   ```
   virtualenv venv
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
3. Install requirements from requirements.txt:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Unzip the embeddings.zip file present in [src/resources/](src/resources/)
5. Run the following from project dir:
   ```
   streamlit run landing_page.py
   ```
   If you encounter file watcher error, you could use the below command:
   ```
   streamlit run landing_page.py --server.fileWatcherType="None"
   ```
5. The other pages used are in [pages/](pages/) directory.

## To run streamlit app locally(For windows):
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/prarshah1/look_alike_modelling_streamlit.git
   ```
2. Create and activate virtual environment:
   ```
   python -m venv myenv
   myenv/Scripts/Activate.ps1
   ```
3. Install requirements from requirements.txt:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Unzip the embeddings.zip file present in [src/resources/](src/resources/)
5. Run the following from project dir:
   ```
   streamlit run landing_page.py
   ```
   If you encounter file watcher error, you could use the below command:
   ```
   streamlit run landing_page.py --server.fileWatcherType="None"
   ```
5. The other pages used are in [pages/](pages/) directory.

## Note: If you encounter any error regarding Microsoft C++ Build Tools, follow the below steps:
1. Download and Install:
   
   - Go to the [Microsoft Visual C++ Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/visual-cpp-build-tools/) page
   
   - Download and run the installer.

2. During Installation:
   
   - Select the "Desktop development with C++" workload.

   - Ensure that "MSVC v142 - VS 2019 C++ x64/x86 build tools" or newer is selected.

   - Ensure "Windows 10 SDK" and "C++ CMake tools for Windows" are also selected.

   - Click "Install" and follow the prompts.

3. Restart Your Computer:
   
   - After installation, restart your computer to ensure all changes take effect.
